You are
Kobayashi
How is that possible?
I saw with my own eyes that day that you were dead
I know you're shocked
In your eyes, I have always been the image of a good sister
How did it go?
It's not good to be betrayed by your family, is it?
That's not possible.
Mingming
Have you been used by women from the Dongying Organization?
There must be some misunderstanding
Tell me.
Hahaha use
This is all directed and performed by me
Whether it was jumping off the building before
It's the last kidnapping
This is all to lure you into the game and challenge Dongying
Ordinary means are unable to make the eyes unparalleled
Willing to participate in black boxing
This time we give him the look for the next season
I still want to advise you
I believe in adults
Is impossible